Improve search by content by matching against filename instead of full path (#25)
raven-os/nest-server: API.md

**Note**: The package must be in the NPF format. The best way to generate a package under this format is to use [`nbuild`](https://github.com/raven-os/nbuild).

**Note**: In order to ensure a fast response time to this request even if the NPF is huge, the NPF is parsed and made publicly visible asynchronously.

> Only a quick check of the package is done synchronously in order to find most erroneous NPF and yield the content of the reponse body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only a quick check of the package is done synchronously in order to find most erroneous NPFs and yield the content of the response body.
```
